Hey, miss, do you want to get in the car?
Hahaha towering
Does today's driver need to take leave?
It was my pleasure to pick up Miss An
Mr. Gao said so
Aren't you worried that your wife will be jealous?
Oh, how can that rough woman deserve your jealousy, Miss An?
You are really kidding, hahaha.
Mr. Gao's words are really funny
This is my own Sydney soup
Would you like to drink it?
Excuse me?
I'll give you a wipe.
Haha, it's alright, it's alright.
Wipe it
Hahaha, why don't you come to my house first?
I'll have someone buy another set of clothes
It's okay, I
Mr. Gao
Don't do that
Be careful not to do this
I know you did it on purpose, right?
I am Nobita Gao
The least likely to fail you
Can provoke you
I don't have it.
Since
I mean it.
Then I will satisfy you.